Add note about separator of backup path in Synology DSM (#37273)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/synology_dsm.markdown

2. Define `cottage_instance` as backup path (_without trailing slash_).
    - **Result**: A new directory `cottage_instance` will be created on the shared folder `HA Backup` during the first backup.

> **Note**: Sub-directories in backup path needs to be separated by the regular slash `/` - eq. `home-assistant/prod_instance`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% important %}

Sub-directories in the backup path need to be separated by the regular slash `/`. For example: `home-assistant/prod_instance`.

{% endimportant %}
```
